Create AWS v17.4.1 (#1005)
giantswarm/releases: aws/v17.4.1/README.md

# :zap: Giant Swarm Release v17.4.1 for AWS :zap:

> This is a patch release bringing improvements to app-operator and chart-operator such as pod and container security contexts for PSS and more. It also contains a cert-manager fixing upgrade of stored apiversions.

Author: ```suggestion
This is a patch release bringing improvements to app-operator and chart-operator such as pod and container security contexts for PSS and more. It also contains a change in cert-manager to automatically upgrade stored custom resources stored in deprecated apiversions.
```
